hello friends with you brain welcome
to horror game called
freddie fazber pizza you this about anything
tells me no I don't know what game
so let's start yes yes next
parody of five nights at freddy but in
this game we will play in 3d
space that is, this parody is made
in 3d and we will be right on this restaurant
walk and follow the animatronics
well at least the description says so
I don't know the games themselves so let's start
finally we appeared oh my god and here
really 3d
Yes, how much can you scare me with 7 sounds
Prague can belong to me smartphone
it was here door open put on ko
nobody will enter me play just not on
Delose on me now we will run on
restaurant we have no way out
from here we walk for now the corridor is not
love the hallways is that laundry so
damn can not see anything that is
[laugh]
shitty printer okay, try again
this time I'll go better to the right than
left
although maybe it even went away
hence fucking bonny write their names damn
didn't understand it was a bad idea to go
so I go to the right on the left fifth of these
sounds scare me someone's pantry
heads so nobody wants me
I hope all I'm already used to so much
to these weird screamers why me
so quickly kills and I think there need to
and there’s time in the bottom left corner 12 too
6 hours before here at 12 o'clock me already damn
ready to cut cut how do i survive
to 6 I do not know you need just like that
and so understood when bonnie comes just
sounds like these sounds some souls i
by the way did not take a shower and she saw her there
baths
I ask Alan was not a state he knows how to climb
on the tables what the hell bonny no
Rabbani is not what you do not give me
will you not here going on here
each
step kill and perplexed hockey
attempt number one hundred and five hundred
I'll go to the laundry and I'll be talking about such
maybe no one will ever find me
knows although there is nothing better than me
from here this puppet is now understood
here the puppet besides would not fly
he. what is skoda
look in the main menu there is such
function called start from second
hours that is not 12 let's try
clicking on generally works i can start
gave the game see here my brighter
it seems to me or there is light here
and 1 god so much better
light probe all pizzerias would be much
better ipad you better run and not
I can understand what side he is about Freddie
hi menu
look here there are cameras i can follow
cool this is eternal noticed maybe ah
yoz go eat go eat your cakes
so the tables I'm just a little
boy though judging by the hand it can not be said
I went out they went fucking gone lambo
so go again from the right side of freddie
for some reason, one standing here for some reason on
me though it's good that you attack oh
probably it is bad i probably need
go back I understand the tactics of this game
finally
[music]
you though that
but it is at least a record and a couple
minute all the same there was like me nobody
I did not eat at least I understood the tactics
as soon as you hear the sounds
turn around and over this for 22 not
gone somewhere with a secret mission was not
again somewhere rested so I understand
here I am now again when you can
meet
oh what was it i go near my wall
muscular arm holding the phone where
come on god then never had this hour
the room is a kitchen by the way and in
The original version of Yummy Link
the kitchen would not have poked back in there
It was, but the camera did not work on it only
the sound worked here she did
equipped funny and funny
so I returned to the office here somehow
over without a check went out went so I
I'd better go sometime like this
workarounds although they are here on the tables
walks and then after all the children eat
it is indecent how it behaves and uncivilized
I'm not going away from here now
I'll be going nowhere
clear everything can be true
I will work alone with keksikom go
here is a keiko aybolite course in god battle
didn't get out of here i saw him for
glass my face 10 leaves water gone
won send me all the same in the pizzeria
i need more cultural to handle
animatronics gave if they want me
kill cut freddie hi i can
to become maybe they will take me for
of his
interesting interesting let's try
Freddie hello hello
How are bears called me Matvey
animatronics do not touch when on stage
[music]
so again I have no light here no light
no no no how beautifully said need to
quote pad burn bony bony babe you
there is no here so surprise i'm not
I can drink serious, it infuriates me already
furious it sides it is the most stupid copy
which saw admit what is done on
cool in the sense that it is in 3d
I think I have not seen more than one copy in 3d
To the author explicit and it is necessary to finish therefore and
We wish him good luck in the water business and Bani
I'm leaving here nafig well, I hope
did you like this video if so
put me a thumbs up and
subscribe to my channel write your
horror games in the comments that would
could pass or forget to join my
VKontakte group but it's all the same
Bryan see you soon
[music]